add 2026.06.26-1-rc1 to onprem release notes (#105)
aviator-co/gitbook-docs: manage/on-premise-installation/release-notes.md

{% updates format="full" %}

{% update date="2026-06-26" %}
## 2026.06.26-1-rc1

frontend: `sha256:4f7a2f01415af924dc5369344aa37f965e41aa372ab28df05e3c7f2ad053f987`

mergeit: `sha256:b5528eeabc7985127b44323c98608e032f49223aa9a925f73405f7a9c8860793`

**MergeQueue**

> * Apply the configured acceptable statuses for required checks in parallel mode, so conditional or path-filtered checks that never report no longer stall the queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If override_required_checks are empty, acceptable statuses now also fallback to the ones specified for required_checks in parallel mode
```
